note on naming restrictions (#2625)
ollama/ollama: docs/import.md

ollama cp example <your username>/example
```

> (note that the name may only contain lowercase letters, digits, and the characters ., -, and _)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: model names may only contain lowercase letters, digits, and the characters `.`, `-`, and `_`.
```
